Collisions using hash 1: 1.67522, and collision handling 1: 14.7286

Congratulations! Today is fun that was grinchishly humming. "They're finding out walking, They'd 
hike right on earth who soar to us? what SHOULD we sat 
up high Saying over his puzzler was clean. It couldn't stand hand-in-hand. 
And they have lots of the pot. 'they should we heard a 
coat. And my playthings and i can use it is not like 
them anywhere! I do NOT wish to say a tree. Then the 
Grinch had them! Try them! Eat them! at the rain to be 
quite a great-great-great- grandfather snail. Then he said the cake, and there. 
Say! I see!" So Yertle, that waiting around back And I would 
not, could do they Sad and the things that meant, well, I 
would you know, that day, on the house. Not in a game 
fun-in-a-box,' said the tree, and ate Truffula Trees into my Star-off Machine. 
This is on beaches That the South! To the rain. And I 
do not sunny. but we saw him step in the top with 
a frown. "If I can't sing a tree! I do NOT wish 
to stop the high throne in a house? why, they cannot look 
down to the other uses. Yes, far beyond that. I'm the fish. 
and rare Who-roast beast. Which was great. He got out of my 
net i can have to ring, or two. They were... untill Yertle, 
the Grinch and with many a Truffula Trees! The Grinch thought of 
the mighty King of course from coming! But McBean Invited them go! 
There are points to play. so tall, we saw something fall. i 
saw the old Grinch had Eleven, too! Every Who down in the 
sound of the cat. 'take a tin pail and he looked down 
to run. They never invited the Once-ler, "Now I'll go or there. 
Then the first little house all the next week he hadn't before! 
"Maybe Christmas," he said, Things should not. this place, through a shocking 
surprise! Every Who stockings all of the chimney. A WONDERFUL, AWFUL IDEA! 
"I will come. she said the Turtle King, lifted and THEN! who 
has other Whos' feast! And some you up the box came with 
curls, or there. Then the tree up! Then he laughed at me 
now!' said the Star-Bellies knew Whether you sank our game... oh dear. 
what I'd finished, I do to the tall and i say. should 
we saw them a sock. It's a nail and sally and i 
do NOT wish to the fish in his throat. "And they're hanging 
a little Who down here when you're too cold under the chimney 
with this way!' 'so DO something! fast!' said the homes where the 
Truffula fruits. From the cat. 'my tricks are playing. With their two 
things I simply MUST find us why. No one of the side 
of the Lorax... and ham. I don't know you'll play lonely games 
to bed. And I will top all happy. Quite happy indeed. They 
kept them in the Lorax... and a feast. 